I
here you can see unfrozen cool packs
being placed into a bath of ice water
phase change material cool packs free
salad at 65 degrees Fahrenheit so you
can expect that they will be completely
frozen in 20 minutes as you can see in
the few seconds that the packs were in
ice water they've begun to change phase
will place them back into the ice bath
for 20 minutes
20 minutes later you can see as we
remove the packs from the ice bath that
they have completely changed phase into
their solid state wiping them off with a
dry cloth is a good idea prior to
inserting the packs into your garment
packs may also be frozen in a
refrigerator or freezer but may take a
bit longer a small cooler filled with
ice water may be used while you're on
the road as with the previous
demonstration the packs will freeze
within 20 minutes if ice water is
unavailable to you pre frozen cool packs
may be stored and transported in a well
insulated container properly insulated
they will remain frozen for many hours
prior to use
when outdoors it is important not to
leave your cool packs exposed to direct
sunlight for very long as ultraviolet
rays will harm the plastic and shorten a
lifetime of your product